# Day 2
Its day 2, and I thought this might be fun, just to plan out later additions and see what I have done in the past day. Today was mainly about css, and styling, even if I wanted to add Firebase and authentication today. I have decided to try and learn [Bulma](https://bulma.io/) as a css framework for this app in particular. I would say its a really nice framework, though the importing, on my machine in particular, took a rather long time. It did make a few things easier, like making columns appear a lot easier than writing css on my own. 
On top of that, at the end of yesterday I had a *functioning* product. It existed, but you couldn't see any of the To-Do items that you had. So the first order of business today was to obviously to fix it, and I think I got it functioning. I used a standard css stylesheet, again by Tania Rascia, which helped a lot. However, going to look forward to Bulma working so I can add some more personalized graphics.

# Day 3
Its day 3 of this project, and today I didn't get much time to work on this project. With the time I had, this is how far I got. I *kinda* added authorization, though it is not fully fleshed out yet. Going to work on that tomorrow. I added the code for the base of notifications, as in like sign-in notifications only, since adding them are a pain. Generally, I'm starting to regret my choice of css framework. I think later on, I may switch to bootstrap, its a lot easier from past experiences with it, and since I am kinda getting the ropes here in React, it'll be a nice change in pace from the constant documentation search through Bulma's site. I'm definitely going to get more time to work tomorrow due to the time loss from fixing my computer for a considerable amount of time during the day. Lets see what I can do tomorrow and I'll check in then...